Add LLDB docs (#44902)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/debugger-extensions.md

The .NET debugger extensions include commands from the existing [dotnet-sos](dotnet-sos.md) tool as well as new commands. A limited set of commands are also now supported for the Native AOT runtime.

## Install

### Windows

Install Windbg from the [Windows SDK](/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/debugger-download-tools). Windbg versions 10.0.18317.1001 and later automatically load the extensions from the Microsoft extension gallery.

### Linux

> Follow the instructions [here](lldb-linux.md) to install LLDB and the .NET debugger extensions on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install LLDB and the .NET debugger extensions, see [Install and use LLDB on Linux](lldb-linux.md).
```

Reviewer: (We're not supposed to use "here" or "click here" as link text.)
